since 1951 families have come to know
Chapel Lawn Memorial Gardens as a
beautiful landmark Cemetery unique to
Winnipeg and the surrounding area much
of the cemetery is reserved for
traditional burial with bronze memorials
placed flush to the ground so that to
those who pass by Chapel lawn looks more
like a beautifully landscaped Park than
a cemetery
but in fact Chaplin has over 120 acres
dotted with mature trees memorial
benches colorful flower gardens and
tranquil ponds with many different
features like an on-site indoor Chapel
crematorium and indoor glass and marble
Columbarium niches to meet the various
memorial needs of the local communities
cremated remains may also be
memorialized in outdoor niche structures
or in other sections of Chapel lawn set
aside for in-ground burial
this full-service cemetery also has an
upright Memorial section and recognizes
people of various faiths and cultures
with special monuments and gardens
throughout the property
an on-site funeral home is also present
for the added convenience of having all
final arrangements taken care of in one
location special care is taken by the
staff to keep the grounds in park light
condition that creates a warm and
friendly setting for personal meditation
and reflection suitable for peaceful and
relaxing visits any time of year
Chaplin is a proud member of the
Memorial Gardens family of over 40
cemeteries reaching coast-to-coast
across Canada with many years of
experience serving the needs of
Canadians the staff of Chapel Lawn
Memorial Gardens are unequaled at
providing personal service to the local
communities of Winnipeg